All around the world, people come together every week at places of worship called
Kingdom Halls. Have you ever wondered what happens inside a Kingdom Hall of
Jehovah's Witnesses? It's a place where Bible study programs and lectures are
held each week. The first time I attended a meeting I felt very happy. The
atmosphere was so good. I've never seen anything like it anywhere else. The
people are loving, are the Lee and show an interesting people. Every meeting is
open to the public. Seats are free and no collections are ever taken. Families are
invited to attend and learn together. All meetings begin and end with song and
prayer. One meeting usually held on the weekend includes a 30-minute Bible
discourse especially designed for the general public. After that there's a
question and answer discussion based on an article in the study edition of
The Watchtower magazine. Participation is always voluntary. At one of the
meetings during the week we not only study the Bible but also receive training
in public speaking. Everyone is invited to the Christian meetings including
those who are not Jehovah's Witnesses. You can go into any Kingdom Hall and
receive the same program of Bible instruction. Bible education, upbuilding
association and the opportunity to praise God await you at Christian meetings
of Jehovah's Witnesses. To find a Kingdom Hall near you please visit the
About Us section and fill in the congregation meeting search.